{% autoescape off %}

*Summary*
Smile West Ada is adjusting its mission.  We will now
advocate for masks-optional all of next year, starting on the first
day of school. If you agree with this change, you do not need to take
action.  If you do NOT agree with this change, you will need to
opt-out by deleting your account.


*Detail*
On Tuesday May 11th, the West Ada School Board voted 5-0 for
three proposals:

1) This Year: maintain the mask mandate indoors while making masks
optional outdoors.

2) This Summer:  masks optional both indoors and outdoors.

3) Next Year: intend to make masks optional if safe to do so.

While this fell short of our original goal of being mask-optional the
last two weeks of the year, we are going to take the two small
victories of seeing the smiles outdoors now, and indoor/outdoors
during the summer.

Still, the third proposal was highly disappointing for its lack of
clarity, substance and enforcement.  And since the default policy of
the District is mandatory masking indoors and out for all next year I
am compelled to continue the fight.

However, this leaves me with a bit of a quandary since I specifically
promised that when our mission was complete I'd shut down the site.
And technically speaking, the mission is over.

So to resolve this dilemma I'm sending out this email as an official
administrative notice that Smile West Ada is adjusting its mission and
will advocate for masks-optional starting the very first day of school
and remaining so throughout the year.

Normally I'd require that everyone sign up again as an affirmative
acceptance of the new mission, but honestly these are so closely
aligned that I feel comfortable making this change an opt-out one
rather than force everyone to re-authenticate.

So, in plain language, if you do not agree with this revised mission
please delete your account.  All of your personal information will be
deleted permanently just as it would have were we to have shut down.
Here is the link (you'll need to sign in first.)

https://www.smilewestada.com/delete

If you like, there is also a "Delete Account" link at the bottom of
the main account page.  They both do the exact same thing.

Otherwise, you need take no action, and you'll remain a part of Smile
West Ada.  I have some significant plans to ensure we see the smiles
on our kids in school next year, but this particular email is solely
focused the administrative notice; I'll send out a normal, substantive
update soon.

If you have any questions, please feel free to reach to me at
dbinetti@smilewestada.com.  I do hope you'll stay, but if this is
goodbye then let me say thank you so much for supporting our kids.  We
couldn't have done it without you.


Best, Dave

{% endautoescape %}
